TF outage from 28th August (#158)
packit/status: content/issues/2024-08-28-tf-outage.md

---
title: "Testing Farm outage"
date: "2024-08-28T00:12:00+00:00"
affected:
  - Testing Farm
resolved: false
#resolvedWhen: "2024-07-22T12:00:00+02:00"
section: issue
severity: disrupted
---

> Testing Farm infrastructure is having an outage resulting in tests stuck in a queued state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing Farm infrastructure is having an outage resulting in test jobs being stuck in queued state.
```

> The tests should be executed once the outage is resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The affected test jobs should be processed once the outage is resolved, no action is needed.
```
